whether you are a pastor teacher
missionary a layperson the preachers
outline and sermon Bible should be your
first resource for sermon preparation
and Bible study the POSB
isn't a collection of pre-written sermon
outlines or commentary it's the only
resource that outlines that key ideas
found in each passage of Scripture
along with in-depth original commentary
and material drawn from hundreds of
trusted sources how do you use the
preachers outline and sermon Bible to
get the most out of this material we
recommend these steps the first step is
to pray and prepared always start by
praying for guidance and direction from
the Lord what word does he desired you
to speak to his people once you've
chosen a focus for your sermon preachers
outline and sermon Bible is the best
place to start your supporting research
there are two ways to access your
desired text or she can flip to the
outline subject index located at the
back of every volume there you'll find
an alphabetized topical index of
subjects complete with scripture
references match to those found at the
top of every outline page if you're
teaching from a particular passage or
verse you can also refer to the matching
preachers outline and sermon Bible
volume and turn to the page containing
the particular scripture you're teaching
from each outline section begins with an
overview that includes the scripture and
outline heading side by side first
you'll see scripture printed in the
middle columns located directly above
the scripture is a subject heading that
describes the overall theme of the
passage next you'll notice major points
listed on the sides of the page
alongside the scripture these major
points represent a high-level outline
designed to guide you through the
related commentary that follows
afterwards after the overview you'll
find an expanded outline comment
section builds on the outline found in
the overview and includes original
in-depth research and material simulator
from hundreds of commentaries Bible
references and language sources there's
a lot of information packed in each
section but the outline format and
headings provide a logical guide simple
to follow you can read an entire section
or sections just refer to a major point
that covers of subject material you need
you'll notice that key thoughts from
each passage have been identified in the
commentary along with supporting
scriptures or other Bible passages these
thoughts provide the basis for helping
your listeners apply the Word of God to
their lives sometimes called walking
points call to action you'll also notice
that some major points include a deeper
study section and provides detailed
additional background research including
commentary charts or diagrams as you
craft your sermon continue to pray and
reflect on the most effective way to
make your message from the Lord
compelling and memorable hope is that
the preachers outline and sermon Bible
will inspire you with fresh thoughts and
perspective familiar scripture passages
that you can share with your
congregation
to learn more about the preachers
outline and sermon Bible and leadership
ministries worldwide visit us online at